src/site/notes/英语/新概念/二册/Lesson 5 No wrong numbers/Grammar 语法.md, before:

---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/英语/新概念/二册/Lesson 5 No wrong numbers/Grammar 语法/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---


![grammar 1.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/grammar%201.jpg)
![g 2.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%202.jpg)
![g 3.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%203.jpg)
![g 4.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%204.jpg)
![g 5.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%205.jpg)
![g 6.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%206.jpg)
![g 7.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%207.jpg)
![g 8.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%208.jpg)
![g 9.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%209.jpg)

![[英语/剑桥/二册/Lesson 5 No wrong numbers/课文\|英语/剑桥/二册/Lesson 5 No wrong numbers/课文]]

Commit message:

Update content src/site/notes/英语/新概念/二册/Lesson 5 No wrong numbers/Grammar 语法.md

src/site/notes/英语/新概念/二册/Lesson 5 No wrong numbers/Grammar 语法.md, after:

---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/英语/新概念/二册/Lesson 5 No wrong numbers/Grammar 语法/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---


![grammar 1.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/grammar%201.jpg)
![g 2.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%202.jpg)
![g 3.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%203.jpg)
![g 4.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%204.jpg)
![g 5.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%205.jpg)
![g 6.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%206.jpg)
![g 7.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%207.jpg)
![g 8.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%208.jpg)
![g 9.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/g%209.jpg)


<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><a class="markdown-embed-link" href="////lesson-5-no-wrong-numbers//" aria-label="Open link"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" class="svg-icon lucide-link"><path d="M10 13a5 5 0 0 0 7.54.54l3-3a5 5 0 0 0-7.07-7.07l-1.72 1.71"></path><path d="M14 11a5 5 0 0 0-7.54-.54l-3 3a5 5 0 0 0 7.07 7.07l1.71-1.71"></path></svg></a><div class="markdown-embed">




  Mr. James Scott has a garage in Silbury and now ==he has **just** bought another garage in Pinhurst.== Pinhurst is only five miles from Silbury, but Mr. Scott cannot get a telephone for his new garage, so he has just bought twelve pigeons. ==Yesterday, a pigeon carried the first message from Pinhurst to Silbury.== The bird covered the distance in three minutes. ==Up to now, Mr. Scott has sent a great many requests for spare parts and other urgent messages from one garage to the other. In this way, he has begun his own private 'telephone' service==.
  ![英语/新概念/二册/Lesson 5 No wrong numbers/附件/重点划线.jpg](/img/user/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AF%AD/%E6%96%B0%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5/%E4%BA%8C%E5%86%8C/Lesson%205%20No%20wrong%20numbers/%E9%99%84%E4%BB%B6/%E9%87%8D%E7%82%B9%E5%88%92%E7%BA%BF.jpg)
  
<iframe src="https://hyrien-my.sharepoint.com/personal/zip_hyrien_onmicrosoft_com/_layouts/15/embed.aspx?UniqueId=026970c2-16bf-44e2-9a7d-f3fb6ee7544e&embed=%7B%22ust%22%3Atrue%2C%22hv%22%3A%22CopyEmbedCode%22%7D&referrer=StreamWebApp&referrerScenario=EmbedDialog.Create" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" allowfullscreen title="新概念2 L5.mp4"></iframe>

看不了本页视频的请打开以下链接 
  [课文动画链接1](https://hyrien-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/zip_hyrien_onmicrosoft_com/EcJwaQK_FuJEmn3z-27nVE4BN7r-BU_eHVzYBP1w8DwufA?e=KFrIe5)
  [链接2【新概念英语动画: 第二册 L5（中英字幕/1-4册/高清/配套课本）-哔哩哔哩】](https://b23.tv/Qxmfm56)
 
[[英语/新概念/二册/Lesson 5 No wrong numbers/Grammar 语法\|Grammar 语法]]

  



</div></div>
